Getting Spring inside of our application is actually quite easy.
All we have to do is open up our POM,
and I'm going to give myself some whitespace in between our version from our
POM to our build section and add a dependency section.
Inside of here, I'm going to add a dependency,
and the group ID is org.springframework,
and the artifactId is spring-context.
From here, all we have to do is add a version,
and you can look on their website to see what the current version is.
At the time of doing this course, it was 5.2 .0 .RELEASE, and save that.
And you can tell that you've done it right inside of your application if you
look at your external libraries and see that it's imported all of the Spring
libraries with their transitive dependencies.
So you can see there's the spring-context 5.2 .0 that we asked for
directly to be inserted into our application,
but there's the transitive dependencies of Spring AOP,
Spring beans, Spring core, Expression,
and JCL that it pulled in as transitive dependencies.
Now if that doesn't make sense to you,
you may want to go refresh yourself on the Maven
course like I mentioned earlier,
but this should get you up and running for Spring inside of your application. That's really all we had to do to download it and get it into our app.